get ready for the ultimate double
features first naked terror to strippers
poles apart an attitude baller goes with
me sister the only thing on the menu is
Papa fuckin caesar does that come with
salad candy striper no it comes with the
serving of extreme witness naked terror
of two twisted temperatures take on
relentless mutant horror
it will terrify wait until eight what do
we do now take those bitches down then
and creeping flush
the people of a Caesar takes everything
away from them Jasper my special little
tool boys fucking dead two voluptuous
vixens bow violent vengeance dry your
eyes we've got a scumbag patent these
hot mamas are going to take everything
off bonds let's yes little spread your
crush it's going to be a night to this
endeavor
the ultimate double feature only in
crowds of the dead overkill extended cut
you bitches never could damn